play time/ seek bar update
move bar doesn't cause weird sound artifacts
metadata for current song
prev
for scroller thing with letter
repeat
shuffle (selection without replacement?)
 add to end of current playlist
support for playlists on device
move items around in current playlist view (like doubletwist)
skip count increment -- do it in the right places
record every play/time/duration instead of keeping count?
filtering based on counts/skips
foreground process -- notification bar, so we don't get killed ?? how do we do this ?? I'm simmingish it now
start foreground issue -- is that because service is in the same process/thread? -- killing player kills service/playing
lifecycle stuff
let go of resources during onpause/ondestroy!!!!
broadcast album/artist/song changes?


I would prefer sectioning to make position on scroll thing be equal for every section... so m is halfway down.g is a quarter down. right now, "section" from toolbar is based on where that section starts ont he list
merging artists? -- recommendations, multiple merges (eminem, jayz feat eminem) and (jayz, jayz feat eminem)
analysis on plays/time/duration/skips
web display of plays/time/durations/skips? seems unnecessary to display it all. how do you make info relevant?
pretty ui for player
lock screen
widget


Move screen sideways after skipping song. It restarts the song from the first one.

alphabet thing

I need titles on artist/album/song pages. I need pretty buttons!

Unplug headphones

Phone calls

Pause during notifications? 
Make the scroll box bounce
Artist info
Remove bad buttons
Shuffle, repeat
Currently playing should be on player, in notification, and currently playing song should have an icon

Custom playlists

Keep track of play time of track in media player. (like total time. So skipping  to end would be really short compared to song length, and going back tio beginning when almost done is longer than  song length

key for counts in DB shouldn't be DB ID -- look for something that's unique to the song!!!!

should everybody talk to the player service for metadata?
"current list"is calling the service/player with song/playlist args, so the orientation switch bug hapens there
should current list talk directly to service to get current playlist?
option to save current playlist, if it's been modified? option to move/remove from current playlist -- s/playlist/currently playing/g




	should currently playing return the playlist position? (call finish(), hav ethe call picked up by player)